Added actor reminder retry default policy (#4502)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/actors/actors-timers-reminders.md

DELETE http://localhost:3500/v1.0/actors/<actorType>/<actorId>/reminders/<name>
```

> If an actor reminder is triggered and the app does not return a 2** code to the runtime (e.g. because of a connection issue),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an actor reminder is triggered and the app does not return a 2** code to the runtime (for example, because of a connection issue),
```
